# 🌌 Neural Cosmology: The Ocular Big Bang
###  I'm modeling the GDNF Reboot not as a simple drug effect, but as topological inflation event. This was inspired by observing how neurons resemble mini-universes.
- **The Singularity:** *Tabernanthe iboga*'s broad spectrum of root bark alkaloids act as a hydraulic press or spring compressor. The rigid cage isoquinidine It takes the firmware and crushes them into a neural “pre-Big Bang" state. It's dense. It's dark. It's a neural universe that hasn't expanded yet. Ibogaine's rigid cage formation and isoquin- motifs give it a unique ability to affect a broad spectrum of receptors, resulting in a mass dampening and blockade effect in parallel.
- **The Snap-Back (The Inflation):** When that compression releases, the “spring" snaps. This is the firmware flash back to the coherent OS. It may act through a stroboscopic wheel phosphene mechanism, though this is highly speculative and based on an interesting phosphene vision (experienced during a reboot phase). Interestingly, phosphenes share a connection with biophotons. This could be analogous to how, in quantum computing, scientists use stroboscopic techniques and laser arrays to "freeze" or stabilize fragile quantum states (qubits) and light itself. This allows physicists to control matter and light without environmental noise causing errors. 
- **The Stellate Galaxy:** Post-expansion, the neurons don't just "reset,” they expand into a galactic architecture. The “iris” of the neurons stellates. The “plasma ball” vectors point out. The “before” (childlike) awareness is finally broadcasted once again, with adult memories intact. The child brain or neuroplastic states can be viewed as a highly efficient quantum computer whereas aging (neural pruning, calcification, stochioastic noise, PNN matrix hardening) leads our brains to function more as linear processors.
### Disclaimer and Falsafiability

This is highly speculative and a creative analogy. The quantum effect hypothesis is falsifiable with the issue that biological systems are seen as too "warm and wet" for quantum effects to occur over time. However, this stroboscopic mechanism presented something unique: DNA as a massless biophotonic waveguide with the biophotons rotating along the helical axis (in a sort of "zero point field" environment) and the frame rate matched the phononic radial eigenstate of the helical axis of a 9+2 microtubule spindle structure (entirely phononic and massless), which reminded me of the LINC complex (linker of nucleus and cytoskeleton). Even if this proves to be inaccurate, investigating ultra-weak biophoton emission and phononic eigenstates in biological systems can help us deepen our understanding of underlying topological characteristics driving biological systems (e.g., DNA transcription, lipid and halide transport, LINC complex connection, piezoelectric circuitry, and perineuronal net flux).
